test: add 'test-services' system for running tests locally with requisite services in Docker (#2214)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: CONTRIBUTING.md

There is no need to update the CHANGELOG in a PR because it will be updated as part of the release process (see [RELEASING.md](RELEASING.md) for more details).

### Testing

Most unit tests case be run via:

```sh
npm test
```

> However, some instrumentations require some test-services to be running (e.g. a MongoDB server to test the `instrumentation-mongodb` package). Use the `test-services`-related npm scripts to start test services in Docker and to run the tests with the appropriate configuration to use them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some instrumentations require test-services to be running (e.g. the `instrumentation-mongodb` package requires a MongoDB server). Use the `test-services`-related npm scripts to start test services in Docker and then run the tests with the appropriate configuration to use those services:
```

```sh
npm run test-services:start     # starts services in Docker

> npm run test:with-test-services # runs 'npm test' with envvars from test/test-services.env

Reviewer: is this command more about telling to use the env variables from the file you mentioned or does it also check if the required services are running?
Just thinking if make sense to combine this, and only call `run test:with-test-services` which will start the service and use the correspondent vars

Author: `npm run test:with-test-services` just sets the envvars and then runs the tests.

> Just thinking if make sense to combine this, and only call `run test:with-test-services` which will start the service and use the correspondent vars

The value in having `test-services:start` and `test:with-test-services` be separate commands is to support a dev/test cycle where one is repeatedly running the tests. It would be a time suck to start and stop services for each test run.

Or, if you are proposing that this new `npm run test:and-start-services-if-necessary` thing (it wouldn't have to be that awful long name :) would only start services if necessary and then run tests then:
- Yes, that would avoid the time burden of starting and stopping test services for each run.
- However, it creates an slight DX imbalance in that one still needs another script to stop any started test-services. Perhaps it is just a personal preference thing. I like the matching of `test-services:start` and `test-services:end`.
- Also, FWIW, `npm run test-services:{start,end}` support arguments do the underlying `docker compose ...` call. So, if one is just working on the redis tests, then one can `npm run test-services:start -- redis`. This is relatively minor though.

Author: Though I agree that without reading the developer guide docs that `npm run test:with-test-services` *does* potentially give the impression that it'll handle starting the test services for the developer. `npm run test:and-assume-test-services-are-running-cuz-imma-use-them` is a little long.

Reviewer: I was indeed thinking of keeping the end separate. It was just that the `start` seems to be a requirement for the `with-test-services`, so it would make sense to have them as one, since you would always run them together. I didn't think about the case where you would `start` but not necessarily use the `with-test-services` after, so make sense to have the start separate.
It would be nice if the `with-test-services` could start the service in case you have forgotten to start, but that could be some future improvement. I would hold any approval based on this 😄

Reviewer: `npm run test:just-run-all-the-things`

npm run test-services:stop      # stops Docker containers
```

> This set of commands works in the top-level directory to test all packages, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this set of commands in the top-level directory to test all packages, or
```

> in a specific package directory that requires a test service (e.g. `plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-mongodb`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a specific package directory to test only that specific package (e.g. `plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-mongodb`), regardless if the tests need a test service.
```

Author: > regardless if the tests need a test service.

Actually that wasn't my intent. Packages that have no dep on a test-service won't typically have the `npm run test:with-test-services` script.

Reviewer: ah I see, the wording made me think that was the case, meaning I thought the `set of commands` was referring to the `start -> with-test-services -> stop`, but I guess by set you meant the group of 3 AND the `npm start`. Can you make this more clear? So something along the lines of:

```
The first option can be used in the top-level directory to test all packages, 
while the second option can be executed from specific package directory that 
requires a test service.
```

And also add some clarification as: 
```
if you run the first option from the top-level, the tests with required services will
(or will not? I'm not clear about that, so the clarification will definitely help here hehe) 
start their required services and be executed.
```

Author: Er, now I'm confused. :) I was attempting to say that running all three of 

```
npm run test-services:start     # starts services in Docker
npm run test:with-test-services # runs 'npm test' with envvars from test/test-services.env
npm run test-services:stop      # stops Docker containers
```

works if one is in the top-directory of the git clone. And they also work if cd'd into a specific package of the monorepo if, say, you are doing development just on that package.

Reviewer: Ah I see, so it needs some rewording, I was confused 😅
